Rework the publisher guide (#420)
readthedocs/ethicalads.io: content/pages/publisher-guide.md

title: Publisher's Guide
slug: publisher-guide

> description: A guide to help publishers get setup earning with EthicalAds with tips to get the most out of our network in terms of optimizing your ad placement and revenue.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: A guide to help publishers start earning revenue with EthicalAds. Contains tips around optimizing your ad placement and ensuring the most possible revenue.
```
